Process book:

Week 1

Day:
#1 	Contact gezocht voor verkrijgen data. Plan opgezet van opzet visualisatie.
#2	Link naar data verkregen. Onderzoek gedaan naar SSH.
#3	Data onderzocht mbv RoboMongo. Met Bas gebrainstormd over de visualisatie en originele plan veranderd.
#4	Data verder onderzocht met RoboMongo. Ingelezen in MongoDB
#5	Nieuwe plan van visualisatie afgewerkt. Relevante data omgezet tot JSON mbv MongoChef. (Yes, gelukt!)

Week 2

Day:
#1	Started coding. First steps of packed circles, but struggling with right form of JSON.
#2	Created packed circles
#3	sick :(
#4	Started on the line graph
#5	Continued on line graph and presentation

Week 3

Day:
#1	The line graph looks nice. However, I'm not sure how to link it to the circles. They seem to need a complete different form of datasets.
#2	I tried bootstrapping my page. With no luck.. Apparently bootstrap and D3 don't go that well together. I then tried D3.nest to be able to use the same dataset for my circles and my line, but also without luck.
	A day of hard work, but without progression..
#3	I started out a bit eager on D3.nest to work, but eventualy I have decided I do not need the same dataset for both visualisations. I just pre-make the one for the circles. This one is now so small you don't even know it's loading. 
	Would have saved me an entire day if I had made this decision earlier. 
#4	The circles and the lines are linked! I need to start doing my barchart, but I hope that will be easy. I'm now fine tuning the lay-out of my circles.
#5	The circles look good! They zoom in allright and the link with the line graph works smooth. I have made sure the axes change when the variables change. It's time for the bar chart! But firts a presentation.

#6	Time to work on Saturday, the bar chart has to be created. I wanted to show details about the users in the bar chart, but I have decided on showing the weekdays. This way I don't need to load in another big JSON with all user accounts. 
	Saves me a lot of time. I have created the bar chart, but I need to think of something new for the dropdown now.
#7  A little programming on Sunday. I have decided to make a dropdown to switch between max, mean and total values. I made a to-do-list for coming days. I've got some long days ahead of me!

Week 4
Day:
#1	Linked the bar chart to the circles. Finishing touch on the bar chart: change axes on update and listen for dropdown change. Finishing touch on line graph: crosshair showing day and date. I want a clickable legend, but I'm not sure I 		could do this in time.
#2	Finishing touch on circles: created tooltip on hover. I realized my code is a bit of a mess, so I started trying cleaning things up a bit. I also still appear to have some bugs. Overig in circles is not linked to anything and when 
	clicked on a product circle there is nowhere shown what you have clicked. So I made a dynamic title on the line chart, functioning as an overall title.
#3	No more coding according to Martijn. Well yeah.. I created drop down menus in the top bar for information. I want these buttons to show what vereniging is clicked, but that I will do if I finish everything on time. Tidied my Githun and
	created my personal git website.
#4	FINAL DAY! 